you
[Music]
7/7 is widely regarded as the family
drama everyone loves to peek on the show
revolved around Reverend Camden his wife
the blood of children and their dog
happy the kids face their trials and
tribulations of growing up some more
exaggerated than others and the adult
dealt with counseling their friends
family and neighbors this led to plenty
of dramatic moments throughout the
show's lovely seasons though most fans
of the show probably only watched
occasionally many things from the show
are iconic from the theme song to the
launch of Jessica Biel's Korea in the
spotlight most are familiar with the
show at least in passing it helped
define a new genre family drama one
where the family was traditional but
nearly every episode was a very special
one despite the show being such a
prominent feature of powder from
many things that viewers would be
shocked to know you're watching how they
changed and here some of the curious
things 7-7 fans have for almost 15 years
tried to forget the musical episode a
Camden so moved by love are driven to
sing
however the showrunners forgot to check
if the actors could sing or dance with
the audience ends up with isn't
unbearable 45 minutes of musical 7-7
it's something new and asked for and
know and enjoyed this episode has many
old elements the oldest of which is
probably that it was written by actress
Martha Plimpton best known from The
Goonies and it remains her only
screenwriting credit to this day this
episode called Red Sox also has the
distinct honor of being named what many
people consider to be the worst episode
of television ever made of all the shows
in failed pilots and even other musical
episode many agree that this was in her
the worst sermons haven't expected that
its characters would do their best to
make their lives
effect when they couldn't do that they
were expected to amend things until they
were done how there was a place to be
it's no surprise when the characters
pushed these on minor characters tearing
one episode in season three in a moment
of zero awareness two characters ten
years apart encouraged to get married
the two were couples but the age
difference is staggering it's unclear
why the two were together in the first
place because they have a child together
they're pushed to marry the 25 year old
is an ex-convict
people can change of course but it seems
he's convincing me yet another crime
that's central to the plot of the
episode very Woodsen's character matt
was essentially a third parent to his
siblings because there were so many
children and his father had a demanding
career he was often around to pick up
the slack at the beginning of the show
he spent his time counseling his
siblings and making sure they were
meeting their obligations and grown as
people this was far more than most could
expect of their sibling but matt was
always willing to provide for the others
this is why it was particularly
surprising to fans when Matt was written
out of the show
there are Watson decided to leave in
2001 in 2002 he was diagnosed with
Hodgkin's lymphoma a diagnosis prevented
him from returning to the show for more
than a few episodes in each season
however he was able to appear in the
final episodes of the show
Ruthie was the youngest Camden child for
most of the show and the youngest Camden
daughter for the show's entire team now
the show began when Ruthie was just five
years old attended when she was 16 it
was her plotline centered around going
to school and doing kid things mostly
with Simon but his Ruthie grew up so did
her plot lines one of the most
scandalous moments of the show involved
Ruthie
in a truth is dancing pup it's much more
grown-up than the usual dancing on the
religious show the sequence is
uncomfortably long and involves her
making icon
with Reverend Camden for several seconds
other broad lines include getting a
tattoo than wanting it removed showing
no sympathy for her father's sickness
and choosing to no longer pursue her
education in traveling the world with
t-bone instead and this is all before
Ruthie turns 18 now some actors are
happy to do it
most young popular actors turned want to
be on the same show for over a decade
however this is exactly what happened to
Jessica Biel
Nia was the breakout star on seventh
heaven now she had a few acting credits
to her name before the show rules Kyle
rocketed her career and she became very
famous and sought-after
however the show's filming schedule
prevented her from taking other roles
Neal did what anyone stuck in the
contract would do try to get fired bill
couldn't quit the show so she tried to
get fired and have her character written
out this attempts mostly revolved around
shocking the wholesome image Sharon
Spelling wanted because to maintain
during their Tanner
however she wasn't fired and her
rebellion became a central plot line for
Mary happy is one of the most beloved
characters on the show the furry white
dog was present in many episodes and she
was always featured in the credits what
most fans don't know is that happy was
killed on the street by Brenda Hampton
happy was written into the show and her
lost dog black story was even included
with some changes when she tried to find
half his former home she discovered some
sad truths do you two have this horrible
life with her previous owners she was
fearful of the men on sab including the
actors the actors spent extra time with
her to make sure she was comfortable
with them however she was still anxious
and guarded from some of the people on
set so many of the first storylines with
happy include her with the youngest kids
some viewers may not know that Lucy
followed in her father's footsteps and
became a reverend lo Lisa started as a
grumpy jealous teenager obsessed with
Ginny moon at the end of the show she
has graduated from college got married
had multiple children and taking over
the elder Reverend Camden's position in
the church however it seems that Lucy
can't shake her impulsive ways entirely
during one sermon Lucy asks the
congregation who is interested in her
husband the elder Reverend Camden had a
habit of inserting his personal life
into his sermons but Lucy takes it much
farther she pauses speaking vocally
about her personal life something she
would get upset about when her father
deeded and openly asks her parishioners
if any of them are interested in having
grown-up fun with her husband
sevens heaven centered around Reverend
Camden and his family being a reverend
it's no surprise that much of the show
centered around the Protestant religion
however it was sometimes leaders of
other religious groups present in the
show for instance will not married his
wife he converted to Judaism his
father-in-law was a rabbi further
extending in the show's religious themes
it seems that not everyone was happy
with the representations of Judaism on
the show originally an unnamed synagogue
had been slated for filming when the
leaders discovered that there a bind the
show was written to be hostile and
closed-minded
however they backed out of their
agreement the leaders argued that this
was an offensive a presentation of
Jewish people they show how to find
another location for the episode
even though they threw up on the show
and made questionable decisions the
father always seemed to be suspicious of
activities
now she was just five years old when the
show began father loved her in with the
other children to see who was guilty of
various wrongdoings not even Ruth his
small stature age Oh Navy tear could
save her from Reverend Camden saccas
ations in one of the first episodes
Reverend Camden threatens to test Ruthie
Ruthie was just five years old at the
time and it was one of the first
episodes of the show after finding
evidence of an illegal plant erikak used
all of his children of being guilty and
threatened to test them all to see who
was lying it seems like a cross over
reaction on his part very few
five-year-olds I involved in such
activities in seventh heaven most of the
characters follow the path of rappelling
were doing and seemingly things in their
youth but talking down almost
immediately when they reach adulthood
Matt fold his path almost perfectly that
he was known for not being able to hold
down a job and dating around mrs. MICEX
he's married at the end of the show he
has two children
what's especially strange about this is
that mattandsarah marry on their second
date not only do they marry but they are
afraid to tell their family for an
extended period of time
this is especially odd considering that
both come from conflicting religious
backgrounds and after only one date both
are marrying to be married to rather
than to be with each other and that's
all for now he's much like if you
enjoyed this video and subscribe for
more reviews take care friends
[Music]
you